[DOC-610] Clarify the meaning of clientcert=1 in TLS docs (#25664)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/secure/tls-encryption/tls-authentication.md

| TLS enabled | `hostssl all all all trust`</br>(require ssl, no password) | `hostssl all all all md5`</br>(require ssl and password) |

{{< note title="Note" >}}

> Before version 2.5.2, when TLS was enabled the default was to use the more strict `cert` option when auth was disabled, and `md5 clientcert=verify-ca` (password auth + cert verification) when auth was enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before YugabyteDB v2.5.2, when TLS was enabled the default was to use the more strict `cert` option when auth was disabled, and `md5 clientcert=verify-ca` (password auth + cert verification) when auth was enabled.
```

{{< /note >}}

Additionally, `ysql_hba_conf_csv` can be used to manually configure a custom HBA configuration.

> For instance, to use TLS with both `md5` and `cert` authentication, you can set the `ysql_hba_conf_csv` flag as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, to use TLS with both password authentication and client certificate verification, you can set the `ysql_hba_conf_csv` flag as follows:
```
